# Theme package

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Net Gusto <http://netgusto.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

# Medium-Like interface

Note: Resources used taken from <http://tympanus.net/codrops/2013/10/30/medium-style-page-transition/>

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 Brian Gonzalez <http://briangonzalez.org>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

# License for the Multi-Level Push menu

Note: Resources used taken from <http://tympanus.net/codrops/2013/08/13/multi-level-push-menu/>

Created by Codrops

http://www.codrops.com

Integrate or build upon it for free in your personal or commercial projects. Don't republish, redistribute or sell "as-is". 

Read more here: http://tympanus.net/codrops/licensing/

The resources on Codrops can be used freely in personal and commercial projects. Please note, that most of the tutorials and resources are experimental and not ready for production, but made for inspiration and demonstration purpose only. The resources on Codrops can be used in websites, web apps and web templates intended for sale. You don’t have to link back to us if it vitiates your work but we appreciate any credit. You are not allowed to take our work “as-is” and sell it, redistribute or re-publish it, or sell “pluginized” versions of it. If you plan to create free WordPress, jQuery, Joomla, etc. plugins out of our scripts, please credit us in a fair way and link to the respective article on Codrops. Please, respect the licenses of the resources (audio, video or images) that we often use in our demos. We always indicate the license in the article and link to the owner/creator in both, article and demo. If you write about some of our work we would like you to add a link back to us. You are free to copy excerpts but please do not copy entire articles (e.g. RSS feed scraping), we put our heart into this work. Don’t re-publish our demos and our ZIP files, and don’t link directly to any ZIP file, link to the article instead. Please contact us, if you’d like to translate articles and re-publish them. Summarized, use it freely, integrate it, make it your own, but don’t copy and paste our work and sell it or claim that it’s yours, stay fair.